# Flask Setup/Guide:
[Here is a link to the flask documentation](https://flask.palletsprojects.com/en/stable/)
Flask supports Python 3.9 and newer. (python --version)

1. Create a venv
- For Mac/Linux: run `python3 -m venv .venv` in your project directory
- For Windows: run `py -3 -m venv .venv` in your project directory
2. Activate the venv
- Mac/Linux: `. .venv/bin/activate`
- Windows:  `.venv\Scripts\activate`
3. Inside the venv, run
- `pip install Flask`
4. Install dependencies
- `pip install -r requirements.txt` <- this installs the dependencies listed in requirements.txt. Anytime new dependencies are installed, run `pip freeze > requirements.txt` to update the list of required dependencies.

`flask run --debug` use this to run the app in debug mode, which will auto update the app with any changes you make so you don't have to constantly type the run command.

# Project Plan/Ideas

## Register/Login Functionalities:
- Consider adding "remember me" feature
- Consider adding "forgot password?" feature

## TODO:
1. ~Implement DB~ (I forgot something, see #3 of TODO)
2. ~Implement user logic, ensure register/login and logout functionality~
3. DB update: Need to be storing their wages/income (hourly, salary, etc)
4. Implement dashboard form(s)
5. Implement dashboard calculation logic
6. Implement dashboard display
7. Implement Investment API
8. Implement profile/settings: change login information, profile picture (if we even implement this as a feature), dark mode (if we implement it), etc.

# Current state of the project (this is from the last pull request):

## templates:
- **_layout** just has the dashboard layout.
- **_top-navbar** has the layout for the landing page of the site.
- **dashboard** will have the main display, and buttons that pull up forms to fill out (which will populate the db with the needed data to perform the calculations: Wages, Expenses, Saving Goals, etc).
- **finances_form** (ignore this).
- **index** is the landing page
- **login** self explanatory
- **register** self explanatory

## app.py
- register and login are not fully implemented since i haven't set up the DB yet.
- SECRET_KEY is for security. Can be generated by doing the following: Create a .env file -> type "python" in your terminal -> type "import secrets" -> type "secrets.token_hex(16) -> type "exit()" -> copy what that gave you into your .env file -> should look like SECRET_KEY='what you got from running the python script'

## forms.py
- Used to setup forms in python.
